documentation for importing data with docker (#7530)
cBioPortal/cbioportal: docs/docker/README.md

```

## Data loading & more commands ##

> For importing sample study, see [this tutorial](import_data.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For documentation on how to import a study, see [this tutorial](import_data.md)
```
